\---

layout: post

title: "Week 45(Nov 02 - Nov 06)"

permalink: /jekyll/

date:  2020-11-6T14:25:52-05:00

author: one-weekhi

categories: 연구일지

\---

### Week 45(Nov 02 - Nov 06)

**JH & SB**

**Progress Report**

For this week, we read the article Automatic identification of Bug-Introducing Changes and studied the article. And based on the contents related to the thesis, we discussed the results of bic we have investigated so far. Based on the results of the investigation of bszz and agszz so far, we have summarized the development of agszz algorithm bugs and fixes. In addition, we summarized and discussed the questions that arise about the results.

**Meeting Minute**

An unusual case in the Szz algorithm

1. Beat Blame in the commit just before the BFC. This is because the existence of the deleted line is in the previous commit. If B-szz is earlier in time, there is a problem with the ag-szz algorithm. In other words, agszz couldn't find all the BICs until the end. bszz finds it even if the path changes, but agszz does not find it, so the result can come out like this.
2. Sometimes, changing from Mac to Windows, sometimes deleting and adding entire files due to the return type. In this case, ag-szz does not recognize and the commit is indicated by BIC.

Difference in number of BICs of two algorithms

Among the hunks of bfc, b-szz tracks all of them and the number is the same, but ag-szz does not track cosmetic and fix at the same time. In this case, the number decreases.

Bug residency time & Entire life cycle of a bug

The time to come up and fix is important. If the data collection period is too long, the latest data cannot be found. If the fix is short, you can create a model with the most recent data.